I want to protect this lottery ticket
100 million here I come
Isn't this the richest man in Jiangzhou?
If my dad could get along with him
Hey
Dad look
Xiaoyu saw it and left quickly
We can't believe that.
If it really deceives us, we can't afford it
Dad, why are you so heartless?
You don't accept me
How are you, old man?
Just a bowl
Boy, don't touch him
If something happened to him
Maybe how he corrupts you?
People today are not like they used to be
Even if he doesn't corrupt you
His family won't let you go
Besides, you still have your daughter with you
What happens to your daughter?
Dad, this old grandfather is so pitiful!
Let's help him.
Saving a life is better than building a seventh-level buoy
Just treat it as a virtue for my daughter
He really dares to help
Shaohua Zang, you saved my life
What did you call me?
I will definitely repay you well.
My father's name is Song Yang.
No need to beat up
Old man, please call your family quickly
Then something happened again.
Xiaoyan hurry up
Dad, are you okay?
Gee! You scared me to death!
Listen, Mom.
This person's name is Suyang
My wife saved my life
This family must sign up well